and me
hello youtube friends this time
let's do a little review about
this product which is a charger
portable and it will help us to load
our devices whether cellular
mp3 blackberry ipod
and if any device that emits
charging via usb port
the material that this is made of
charger is aluminum
has two entries the usb entry
to recharge this product and the entry
usb which will not connect
our devices and load them well
so let's do a little test of
this product
We not see in this cell which has
91 percent load
well then we connect the usb cable
our cell phone to the charger
and the other end we connect to our
mobile
as you can see
he has begun to charge
it tells us 91% and loading
and below it tells us power adapter
Well, we have tested this charger
in this cell is a galaxy days and
approximately it gives us a load
complete so with this charger
we will have one more day of drums
i
ah
and